Add docs for graphs (#1767)
oneapi-src/oneDAL: docs/source/api/data-management/graph-service.rst

.. * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. * limitations under the License.
.. *******************************************************************************/

.. highlight:: cpp

.. _api_graph_service:

==============
Graph Service 
==============

.. _graph_service_programming_interface:

---------------------
Programming interface
---------------------

All types and functions in this section are declared in the
``oneapi::dal::preview`` namespace and be available via inclusion of the
``oneapi/dal/graph/service_functions.hpp`` header file.

The graph service is a set of functions that allow to get access to the
elements and characteristics of the :capterm:`graph` such as vertex degree
or edge attribute.

The graph service function is defined as a function template with ``Graph``
as template parameter. The graph service functions introduce :txtref:`aliases <graph_aliases>`
to ``graph_traits`` as shown below.

.. _graph_aliases:

Related types
--------------

> Aliases are used for shorter access to the :txtref:`graph <api_graph_template_type>` types.

Reviewer: Can"quick" confuse the user by meaning in terms of performance instead of less code to write?

> Aliases are used for shorter access to the :txtref:`graph <api_graph_template_type>` types.

Author: then what about this?

```suggestion
Aliases is a way to access :txtref:`graph <api_graph_template_type>` types using shorter notation.
```

   * - ``vertex_type<G>``
     - ``graph_traits<G>::vertex_type``
   * - ``vertex_size_type<G>``
     - ``graph_traits<G>::vertex_size_type``
   * - ``edge_size_type<G>``
     - ``graph_traits<G>::edge_size_type``
   * - ``vertex_edge_size_type<G>``
     - ``graph_traits<G>::vertex_edge_size_type``
   * - ``vertex_outward_edge_size_type<G>``
     - ``graph_traits<G>::vertex_outward_edge_size_type`` 
   * - ``vertex_edge_iterator_type<G>``
     - ``graph_traits<G>::vertex_edge_iterator_type``
   * - ``const_vertex_edge_iterator_type<G>``
     - ``graph_traits<G>::const_vertex_edge_iterator_type``
   * - ``vertex_edge_range_type<G>``
     - ``graph_traits<G>::vertex_edge_range_type``
   * - ``const_vertex_edge_range_type<G>``
     - ``graph_traits<G>::const_vertex_edge_range_type``
   * - ``const_vertex_outward_edge_range_type<G>``
     - ``graph_traits<G>::const_vertex_outward_edge_range_type``    

Graph service functions
------------------------

Any service function has the following pattern:

.. code-block:: cpp

  template <typename Graph>
  return_type<Graph> get_[graph_element](const Graph& g, ...);

.. .. namespace:: oneapi::dal::preview

> .. .. func:: graph_service_func

Reviewer: will be commented

> .. .. namespace:: oneapi::dal::preview
> .. .. func:: graph_service_func

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

 

.. _api_get_vertex_count: 

.. onedal_func:: oneapi::dal::preview::get_vertex_count 

.. _api_get_edge_count:

.. onedal_func:: oneapi::dal::preview::get_edge_count

.. _api_get_vertex_degree:

.. onedal_func:: oneapi::dal::preview::get_vertex_degree

.. _api_get_vertex_neighbors:

.. onedal_func:: oneapi::dal::preview::get_vertex_neighbors

.. _api_get_vertex_outward_degree:

.. onedal_func:: oneapi::dal::preview::get_vertex_outward_degree

.. _api_get_vertex_outward_neighbors:

.. onedal_func:: oneapi::dal::preview::get_vertex_outward_neighbors

.. _api_get_edge_value:

.. onedal_func:: oneapi::dal::preview::get_edge_value

-------------
Usage example
-------------

.. code-block:: cpp

  using graph_type = ...;
  const my_graph_type g = ...;
  std::cout << "Number of vertices: " << oneapi::dal::preview::get_vertex_count(g) << std::endl;
  std::cout << "Number of edges: " << oneapi::dal::preview::get_edge_count(g) << std::endl;

> .. .. namespace:: oneapi::dal::preview
> .. .. example:: graph_service_example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

-------------------------

> Specified graphs service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service for supported graphs
```

> Specified graphs service

Author: maybe then

```suggestion
Service functions for supported graphs
```
